Add documentation with Documenter.jl (#68)
JuliaGeometry/Quaternions.jl: docs/src/index.md

# Quaternions.jl

> A Julia module with [quaternion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quaternion), [octonion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Octonion) and [dual-quaternion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dual_quaternion) functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Julia package implementing [quaternions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quaternion), [octonions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Octonion) and [dual-quaternions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dual_quaternion)
```
